feat: release on specific labels (#67)
github/cleanowners: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releases

Releases are automated if a pull request is labelled with our [semver related labels](.github/release-drafter.yml) or with the `vuln` or `release` labels.

> You can also manually initiate a release you can do so through the GitHub Actions UI.  If you have permissions to do so, you can navigate to the [Actions tab](https://github.com/github/stale-repos/actions/workflows/release.yml) and select the `Run workflow` button.  This will allow you to select the branch to release from and the version to release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also manually initiate a release you can do so through the GitHub Actions UI.  If you have permissions to do so, you can navigate to the [Actions tab](https://github.com/github/cleanowners/actions/workflows/release.yml) and select the `Run workflow` button.  This will allow you to select the branch to release from and the version to release.
```
